This concept was posted to Facebook on August 16, 2022 at 5:04 a.m.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=pfbid02GdZ74264VRMgxZovQmPVNdyjJywXYVBJLA9qQ5dV1bsyM4z9TGd9T2eRVbfgbwGHl&id=578136106
Tracy Hall Jr
After awakening at 4 A.M., I was reading Google News while waiting for my sleeping pill to kick in. Almost immediately this brilliant hack popped up in my feed,
no doubt fed to me because of my recent Google searches. 
For our Very Cold Fusion project at Hall Labs, I'm planning to sputter the inside surface of a hollow spherical copper microwave resonator, about 2 inches in diameter,
with a thin coat of palladium, which metallurgically behaves very much like silver. The sputtering target (source) will be a small copper sphere in the center
which is electroplated with palladium. The reactor will first be pumped to high vacuum at about 250 C to remove surface contaminants and any hydrogen entrained 
in the target during electroplating. A low pressure of argon will be bled in while pumping, and the target will be briefly sputtered to expose a pure surface
on the target and lay down a thin  crystalline layer of impure palladium on the substrate, which is the inside surface of the sphere. The reactor will then be immersed
in liquid nitrogen, a small bleed of deuterium will be added to the argon stream, and an  amorphous or nanocrystalline layer of PdDx will be deposited, hopefully 
with x >>1. I'm hoping to induce a supur-abundance of vacancies in the sputtered layer, which hopefully will replicate, in much greater concentration, the 
nuclear-active environment that many believe is responsible for the Fleischman-Pons effect. 
But instead of harvesting the energy as heat, I hope to harvest it as microwaves, which can be converted to electricity with high efficiency.
I knew that forcing the electrons in the plasma to spiral along the field lines of a strong magnet greatly increases the sputtering rate, but I couldn't figure out 
how to implement that in my geometry. This ingenious "hack" gives the answer: scan the magnet! I might even use the transformer, diode, and magnet 
from a thrift-store microwave oven!
Hackaday.com:  Sputtering Dagguerotypes, Batman!  
https://hackaday.com/2022/08/15/sputtering-daugerotypes-batman/ : report on a project by Koji Takur at hackday.io
https://hackaday.io/project/186823-sputtering-equipment-for-daguerreotype-photography
