I posted this to Facebook on August 22, 2022, about noon.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=pfbid02GdZ74264VRMgxZovQmPVNdyjJywXYVBJLA9qQ5dV1bsyM4z9TGd9T2eRVbfgbwGHl&id=578136106
Euphemism for an atom bomb: "Special industrial application."
I'm researching an exploding wire as a likely alternative to reactive sputtering for my "Very Cold Fusion" project. This would eliminate the need for a central
spherical palladium sputtering target, which would have complicated the mechanical assembly and lowered the "Q" (the measure of resonance efficiency) of the 
microwave cavity. Instead, a thin palladium wire would be stretched between insulators on opposite sides of the sphere. The wire would be first heated to about 1,000 C
under high vacuum to anneal and degas it, and the entire cavity would then be cooled under vacuum to liquid nitrogen temperature. An amount of deuterium providing 
twice the number of the atoms of Pd in the wire would then be introduced, and a large capacitor would be discharged through the wire to vaporize it. The metal plasma
would react with the deuterium and condense, almost instantly, as an amorphous or nano-crystalline layer of PdDx (with x hopefully approaching 2) on the inside surface 
of the copper resonator cavity. The ratio of D to Pd in the coating can be precisely known from the pressure drop in the system, and the center of the cavity 
would remain unobstructed.
I've had an interest in exploding wires since my teens, when my father, who was director of research at BYU and had a master key to the Eyring Science Building, 
showed me the laboratory of a BYU professor who was conducting research with exploding wires. At the same time, Dad was doing something similar with his 
"high temperature bomb," passing very high currents through a variety of materials that were restrained in an insulated cavity under modest pressure. 
That project came to an abrupt end when he decided to dump all the available electrical power into the device. It exploded and plastered molten metal around the 
inside of the underground concrete pit where it was housed.
A key development for the "Fat Man" plutonium bomb that was dropped on Nagasaki was the exploding bridge wire detonator, invented by Luis Alvarez and Lawrence Johnston. 
This allowed for precise simultaneous detonation, to within millionths of a second, of the 32 tapered high-explosive columns that compressed the hollow plutonium 
core to twice its normal density.  Johnston filed for the patent on November 8, 1944, citing its utility for "special industrial applications." 
It was kept top secret until the patent was finally issued 18 years later!
https://patentimages.storage.googleapis.com/5f/34/c8/ae4d3574f8a98a/US3040660.pdf
